This is an accelerometer. It's a mass on a 
spring inside a frame. Whenever the frame 
accelerates, the mass doesn't at first. the 
spring stretches and eventually exerts enough
force on the mass to accelerate it too. The
spring stretches exactly proportional to the
acceleration, and then we measure the
stretch.

I just watched the introduction of the
3blue1brown video series on linear algebra.
While I was doing so, I got some ideas for my
own video. I like the "this is an
accelerometer" intro. To make a video like
his, I would put the accelerometer at the
center of a graph of topics. Some nodes
would be labeled MEMS, Kalman theory, details
of all the topics I've talked about. The
background would have colored regions, where
there would be a physics region, an
electronics region, a linear algebra region,
a probability region, etc. The graph would
fade out towards the edges of the screen as I
know less about what nodes are even out
there.